Add web courses and notice about online events to README (#58)
microsoft/Reactors: README.md

## Existing Content

> We currently have seven workshops that we run throughout each of our Reactor locations around the world.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently have several workshops that we run at each of our Reactor locations around the world. 
```

More generic wording

Author: Good idea!
